{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl480 \slmult1 \sa0 Aikata, A., Mert, A. C., Imran, M., Pagliarini, S., & Roy, S. S. (2023). KaLi: A Crystal for Post-Quantum Security Using Kyber and Dilithium. {\i{}IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems I: Regular Papers}, {\i{}70}(2), 747\uc0\u8211{}758. https://doi.org/10.1109/TCSI.2022.3219555\
Ashok, D. N. (2025). {\i{}Enhanced Digital Identity Security Through Blockchain-Based Otp Authentication}. {\i{}13}(3).\
Daftardar, A., Mo, J., Ah-kiow, J., B\uc0\u252{}nz, B., Garg, S., & Reagen, B. (2025). {\i{}zkPHIRE: A Programmable Accelerator for ZKPs over HIgh-degRee, Expressive Gates} (No. arXiv:2508.16738). arXiv. https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2508.16738\
Dhakar, D. S. (2025). E-Voting Using Blockchain. {\i{}International Journal for Research in Applied Science and Engineering Technology}, {\i{}13}(4), 4231\uc0\u8211{}4244. https://doi.org/10.22214/ijraset.2025.69048\
Jacob, G. E., Cherian, S. M., & Reji, R. J. (2023). Enhancing the Security and Privacy of Online Voting Systems Using Zero-Knowledge Proofs in Blockchain. {\i{}International Journal of Engineering Research}, {\i{}11}(04).\
Jayakumari, B., Sheeba, S. L., Eapen, M., Anbarasi, J., Ravi, V., Suganya, A., & Jawahar, M. (2024). E-voting system using cloud-based hybrid blockchain technology. {\i{}Journal of Safety Science and Resilience}, {\i{}5}(1), 102\uc0\u8211{}109. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jnlssr.2024.01.002\
Kaim, G., Canard, S., Roux-Langlois, A., & Traor\uc0\u233{}, J. (2021a). Post-quantum Online Voting Scheme. In M. Bernhard, A. Bracciali, L. Gudgeon, T. Haines, A. Klages-Mundt, S. Matsuo, D. Perez, M. Sala, & S. Werner (Eds.), {\i{}Financial Cryptography and Data Security. FC 2021 International Workshops} (Vol. 12676, pp. 290\uc0\u8211{}305). Springer Berlin Heidelberg. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-662-63958-0_25\
Kaim, G., Canard, S., Roux-Langlois, A., & Traor\uc0\u233{}, J. (2021b). Post-quantum Online Voting Scheme. In M. Bernhard, A. Bracciali, L. Gudgeon, T. Haines, A. Klages-Mundt, S. Matsuo, D. Perez, M. Sala, & S. Werner (Eds.), {\i{}Financial Cryptography and Data Security. FC 2021 International Workshops} (Vol. 12676, pp. 290\uc0\u8211{}305). Springer Berlin Heidelberg. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-662-63958-0_25\
Kumar, N., Kumar, S., Waqar, A., & Ngantung, C. F. Y. (2025). Modernizing Voting Systems: A Comprehensive Approach Using Blockchain, Biometrics and Zero Knowledge Proofs. {\i{}International Journal of Electrical, Computer, and Biomedical Engineering}, {\i{}3}(3). https://doi.org/10.62146/ijecbe.v3i3.116\
Mao, X., Zhou, X., Zhao, X., & Chen, Y. (2025). A ZKP-based anonymous biometric authentication scheme for the E-health systems. {\i{}PLOS One}, {\i{}20}(6), e0324289. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0324289\
Marcellino, M., Wicaksana, A., & Widjaja, M. (2024). Zero-knowledge Identity Authentication for E-voting System. {\i{}Journal of Internet Services and Information Security}, {\i{}14}(3), 18\uc0\u8211{}31. https://doi.org/10.58346/JISIS.2024.I2.002\
Pasupuleti, M. K. (2025). Zero-Knowledge Proofs for Secure and Private Voting Systems. {\i{}International Journal of Academic and Industrial Research Innovations(IJAIRI)}, {\i{}05}(06), 209\uc0\u8211{}220. https://doi.org/10.62311/nesx/rphcrcscrbc2\
Usha, K., Thenmozhi, T., & Preyadarssini, M. (2025). A Systematic Review on ZKP Algorithms for Blockchain: Methods, Use-cases and Challenges. {\i{}International Journal of Computer Applications}, {\i{}186}(71), 39\uc0\u8211{}51. https://doi.org/10.5120/ijca2025924566\
Yuan, K., Sang, P., Zhang, S., Chen, X., Yang, W., & Jia, C. (2023). An electronic voting scheme based on homomorphic encryption and decentralization. {\i{}PeerJ Computer Science}, {\i{}9}, e1649. https://doi.org/10.7717/peerj-cs.1649\
}